= heroswitch

* http://github.com/JohnFord/heroswitch

== DESCRIPTION:

Heroswitch allows you to easily switch between multiple Heroku account profiles. For example, if you have a work and a personal account, or if you have a seperate account for each client you work with, switching between account manually can be a tedious process.  With just a few lines of configuration, heroswitch solves that pain.

== REQUIREMENTS:

You will need to create a credentials file in ~/.heroku for each account you wish to switch between. Name the files account_name.credentials.  Example:

work.credentials file:
  username@work.com
  work_heroku_password

personal.credentials file:
  username@gmail.com
  personal_heroku_password

(Sorry about the plaintext credentials.  Talk to Heroku about that!)

You will also want to setup a special ssh-config for each account in your ~/.ssh/config file. You will need a section for each account, changing the Host param to match the name of your account.

  Host personal.heroku.com
  HostName heroku.com
  User git
  IdentityFile ~/.ssh/path/to/personal/account/private_key.identity
  IdentitiesOnly yes

Last, you will need to remember to use "account".heroku.com when adding heroku remotes. i.e.:

  $ git remote add heroku git@personal.heroku.com:MyApp.git


== INSTALL:

The <code>heroswitch</code> application is distributed as a RubyGem and is available immediately after installation.

  sudo gem install heroswitch

Alternately, download the gem and install manually.

== USAGE

Print your current credentials to the screen
  $ heroswitch

Show a list of the accounts for which you've setup credentials
  $ heroswitch -l

Switch to a different account profile
  $ heroswitch personal

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 John Ford

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
